picture : represent (someone or something) in a photograph or picture.
snake : a long limbless reptile which has no eyelids, a short tail, and jaws that are capable of considerable extension.
maze : a network of paths and hedges designed as a puzzle through which one has to find a way.
recycle : convert (waste) into reusable material.
duel : a contest with deadly weapons arranged between two people in order to settle a point of honor.
warning : a statement or event that indicates a possible or impending danger, problem, or other unpleasant situation.
video : the recording, reproducing, or broadcasting of moving visual images.
graphic : relating to visual art, especially involving drawing, engraving, or lettering.
frequency : the rate at which something occurs or is repeated over a particular period of time or in a given sample
abundant : existing or available in large quantities; plentiful.
cater : provide food and drink, typically at social events and in a professional capacity.
log : a part of the trunk or a large branch of a tree that has fallen or been cut off.
explode : (of a violent emotion or a situation) arise or develop suddenly.
notice : the fact of observing or paying attention to something.
pigeon : a stout seed- or fruit-eating bird with a small head, short legs, and a cooing voice, typically having
image : a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.
haunt : (of a ghost) manifest itself at (a place) regularly.
zone : an area or stretch of land having a particular characteristic, purpose, or use, or subject to particular restrictions.
youth : the period between childhood and adult age.
x-ray : an electromagnetic wave of high energy and very short wavelength, which is able to pass through many materials opaque to light.
border : a line separating two political or geographical areas, especially countries.
catalogue : a complete list of items, typically one in alphabetical or other systematic order.
jam : squeeze or pack tightly into a specified space.
king : the male ruler of an independent state, especially one who inherits the position by right of birth.
open : allowing access, passage, or a view through an empty space; not closed or blocked up.
quest : a long or arduous search for something.
tire : feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep.
underline : draw a line under (a word or phrase) to give emphasis or indicate special type.
jelly : a sweet clear perservative made from fruit 
pillow : soft object to sleep on 
graphic : giving a vivid picture with explicit detail. 
graphic : giving a vivid picture with explicit detail. 
graphic : giving a vivid picture with explicit detail. 
graphic : giving a vivid picture with explicit detail. 
graphic : giving a vivid picture with explicit detail. 
